docs: Revise release note for profile option and add example to the certificate usage section (#1407)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/usage/certificate.md

    # This is optional since cert-manager will default to this value however
    # if you are using an external issuer, change this to that issuer group.
    group: cert-manager.io
  

>   # keystores allows additing additional output formats. This is an example reference only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # keystores allows adding additional output formats. This is an example for reference only.
```
